Universe documentation (#6)
BitAcademyDev/documentation: docs/staff/editor/universe.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Universe

The universe is where modules are displayed in a way that students can follow a certain direction or track.
The role of the editor is to create these universes.

## Viewing the universe

When viewing the universe there are a couple of shortcuts and inputs to remember.

| Action         | Result              |
|----------------|---------------------|
| R              | Reset view          |
| CTRL + F       | Search for exercise |
| Scroll         | Zoom in and out     |

> | Click and drag | Look around         |

Reviewer: Dit voelt als iets om maandag ff qua style te bespreken.

Dit is letterlijk wat je ook terug ziet in de UI gwn copy/paste text. Ik weet niet of we dit willen doen, kan out of sync raken

Reviewer: Zelfde voor het herhalen van de Universe clone warning,

Author: Hmm, ja voor nu ff laten staan en het er maandag ff over hebben?

### Module attributes

In the universe a module can have certain attributes.

#### Certificate

When a certificate is available for the module, it will be represented by a small yellow circle, with a certificate icon, on the top left of a module.

> ![Module certificate](/img/staff/editor/universe/module-certificate.png)

Reviewer: Dit stuk neem erg veel verticale ruimte op atm

Ik heb ff snel geprobeerd het in een table te zetten.
![image](https://github.com/BitAcademyDev/documentation/assets/1123154/4cbc1432-b488-48e6-bedf-01cf72ff8c89)

Wat vind je daarvan?

Author: Is wel mooier

#### Level gates

To add a level gate to the universe, open the menu on the bottom right by clicking on the red circle menu.
Click on `New level gate`, this will open a dialog where you can set the level for the level gate.

#### Groups

Groups can be used to visually group certain modules together. We have 2 types of groups, a rectangle, and a circle.
These can be added to the universe by clicking on them.

![Tools groups](/img/staff/editor/universe/tools-groups.png)

Groups also move a bit differently, because they can stack on top of each other.
To move a group, you first have to select it, then unlock it by clicking on the lock in the top right, after this you can move the group around.

![Moving a group](/img/staff/editor/universe/move-group.gif)

#### Labels

Labels can be used to add text to the universe, these are often used together with a [group](#groups). You can add a label by clicking on the `Tt` icon.

![Tools label](/img/staff/editor/universe/tools-label.png)

### Lines and flow

In order to create a flow inside your universe that the students will follow, you need to connect modules together using lines.

> This will make the selected module a prerequisite for the module it is connected to. This means that the current module has to be completed before the student can continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will make the selected module a prerequisite for the module it is connected to. This means that the selected module has to be completed before the student can continue with the module it's been connected to.
```

For example, here the student first has to complete the module `HTML / CSS - Beginner` before the student can start on `HTML / CSS - Advanced`

![Connect module](/img/staff/editor/universe/connect-module.gif)

To remove a line between 2 modules, you need to hover over the line, and press the red `X` button.

### Start module

> The start module can be selected using the dropdown menu in the top right. This is only used for the student's tour. Not the start of the universe.

Reviewer: Dat is niet helemaal waar, je wordt voor die module ingeschreven tijdens de tour.

Dus als student wordt je behoorlijk aangemoedigd daar te beginnen

Author: Dit stukje heb ik een beetje herschreven

> The start of the universe is considered to be every module that does not have a [prerequisite line](#lines-and-flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A possible start of the universe is considered to be every module that does not have a [prerequisite line](#lines-and-flow).
```

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Universe

The universe is where modules are displayed in a way that students can follow a certain direction or track.

> The role of the editor is to create these universes.

Reviewer: Is dit niet een gegeven omdat dit in de editor docs zit?

Author: True, ik haal het hier wel uit
